oh that's real nice you don't want it no
I really do I need to make a call hello
how can I help ya fry you remember 60
and we're off to the races the autumns
is a secret hospital for criminals I
thought you were done with all this I
got out but you know how it goes no
never out not again
I thought this place was a myth
we've been here for 22 years this
hospital was built on two things
trust the rules you see that bench
that means I'm a health care
professional you're nice either right
don't push my buttons no you do
I'm a professional but this woman she's
the business if you knew what she could
do to you with just that cup of coffee
you're lucky this place is rose the
audience isn't safe for us because it is
it's a portable vault worth about 18
million wolf Kings probably gonna want
those back okay this is a real problem
it's here
that's against the rules rules do not do
little breakers honey where would you be
you don't like play it you're my brother
I love you 3d printing complete I got
the next best thing
I gotta go guess my ballroom j0 time
there's a war zone up here I kind of
make it out of here we can do it
together this is what I did
visiting hours are never
busy night at the Artemis
you know you might want to buy some
scented candles or something cuz it
smells like somebody died they did
[Music]